Let's go from zero to low trader in 30
days. We need to define something
extremely important position sizing. We
develop our strategy using ENQ and one
way to define with how many contracts we
should trade is anchoring our decision
based on our maximum draw down. Our
strategy has a maximum draw down of
$18,500
using mini ENQ contracts. Obviously,
that's not tradable considering the
proper maximum draw down limit at
$2,500. So we will execute this strategy
using microNQ rather than mini NQ which
risk is onetenth of the mini contracts.
So using micros we have a maximum
strategy draw down of $1,850
with a take profit of $450 and a stop
loss at 100. This will be our starting
point and tomorrow we will set up the
strategy for automated execution.